 1 - Not suspensful. The paragraph provides a brief introduction to the story and sets the scene, but there is no inherent suspense created.
 1. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
 2 - Not suspensful. The paragraph simply states the arrival of the helicopter and the condition of Robert Bent, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
  2. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
  3 - Not suspensful. The paragraph simply describes the arrival of the liver donor and the men who brought it, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
   3. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
   4 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes a cleaning task that occurred before the arrival of the liver donor, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
    4. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
    5 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes the men's actions as they leave the roof and walk down the service stairwell, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
      5. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
     6 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes an accident that occurs, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
          6. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
          7 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes the actions of the man who slips and the colleague who warns the doctors, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
             7. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
           8 - Not suspensful. The paragraph simply describes the arrival of the doctors, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
            8. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
             9 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes a discovery made by the doctors, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
              9. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
              10 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes the actions of the doctors as they take the case to the laboratory and the surgeon carries out a biopsy, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
                10. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
               11 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes the results of the biopsy and the conclusion that the organ can be used for the transplant, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.
               11. After each paragraph, rate how suspensful you found the preceding paragraph to be on a 9-point scale, where 1 is "not suspensful" and 9 is "very suspensful".
                 12 - Not suspensful. The paragraph describes the verification of the liver's function and the conclusion that it is functioning correctly, but there is no indication of any tension or danger.